You a sap? (nope).
You a boss player, you a mack? (yup).
Let me hold a couple dollars (nope).
Y'all still be poppin' y'all collars? (yup).
Got some property? (nope), Drive a Maserati? (yup).
Star Wars? (nope), Yoda? (yup).
Tell me when to go... Tell me when to go.
Some Henny, some Swishers and some Listerine strips.
I'm from the Bay where we hyphy and go dumb.
Dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb.
I'm off that 18 dummy juice.
King of the super duper hyphy (hyphy, hyphy, hyphy, hyphy).
Ghostride the whip, ghostride the whip.
Now scrape, scrape, scrape, scrape.
Shake them dreads, shake them dreads
Cause I'm a baller can't nobody hustle harder than me.
I'mma put my bid in and tell you somethin slick.
I'm toasted and sloppy, off of broccoli Bacardi.
Only rappers I listen to is E-40 and Pac (E-40 and Pac).
I'm thinkin bout takin a million dollar insurance policy out on my mouthpiece.
But Nate Dogg, what if my bankroll was to fall?
Think she'll cut from me, think she'll stand tall through it all?
I left the club staggerin (staggerin).
Blasted handcuffed and lifted in the paddywagon.
When there's a drought, I be ridin, Zenith's and Vogues.
Yellow bones and complexion is butter.
Look at this liquid around my neck, look how they shimmerin'.
Luxury automobiles and sports cars with loud pipes (Vroom).
Detachable steering wheels, muscle cars, and scraper bikes.
You soft as table butter, margarine.
Same soup, just warmed over, a little wiser and older, but dangerous like a cobra.
Money longer than the end of them action-packed movie credits.
I've been searchin' for you like a search engine.
We could hit the matinee then go to lunch at Nobu.
But you on your vegetarian so I order tofu.
I've been doin' this since Khaleesi and dragons was baby lizards (I swear).
Got more game than Dave & Buster's (Dave & Buster's).
I'm allergic to suckas like peanut allergy (Peanut allergy).
The life I'm livin' is mannish and it's throwed like a Frisbee.
Me personally I'm a rapper, and I'm spectacular (Remarkable).
Got a way with my words, my lingo and vernacular, (Marketable).
I wear these glasses so that I can look like a square.
My game sharper than the elephant's tusk.
Dragging my knuckles on the ground like an ape.
Tougher than a 3 dollar steak.
I ain't soup and salad, I'm souper salad.
I be more hipper than a hippopotamus.
Get off in your head like a neurologist.
Got a million things on my mind, executive deals online.
Limited amount of time, chasin' these dollar signs.
Barely Harley, I'm chromeless, you might end up domeless.
I raise my styrofoam up, and pour some drink in my mouth.
Why you always coming around with bad news?.
Time to get up and wipe the eye boogers out my eye (out my eye!).
Whatchu try'na buy, pimpin? y'know it's kinda' dry here.
Yeah, I only gotta' couple of pies left that'll last me through the year.
Real mannish with my Spanish.
If ain't about no gouda, partner you can vanish.
Bout to hit the club, we been mobbin' all day.
Snappin' they fingers, bouncin' to the groove.
Don't forget who buttered your bread, don't get amnesia, that's law.
Know your bail bonds man and your lawyer number by heart, that's law.
E-40! The best that ever did it and got away with it.
On my Coast, I'm the topic and the subject.
That's why I stay with a stapler, a baby tomahawk.
I made a promise to the Lord that I'ma keep it funky.
Empty rack with spaghetti sauce jars rockin' up crumbs.
In the kitchen cookin' birdies with no wings.
I never made a mixtape in my life.
She take after her auntie, got her mind on my money.
Haters throw shade like a sun visor.
I'm just a real one from the gravel, from the soil, the mud.
My dudes will bring it to ya bring the noise like a Tuba.
Wrist real crisp haters dont like it.
I'm gettin carpal tunnel while I'm countin all this bread.
They done awoken a sleeping dragon.
The fire marshall came in when it was my turn.
Me and a few of my goons and alcohol consumin'.
All about my allowance - need a money counter just to count it.
Ball to we have it all (ball to we have it all) ya dig.