Captain save a ho, mayne!
Captain muthafuckin' Save a Ho came to me.
Flexin just like a little ol' bitch.
Had to check his ass with an ear check thump and punk him.
I got the gift to grab any bitch.
Pussy whipped neighbor come save me.
For Captain Save a Ho, cuz he's savin hoes.
You in love wit' the ho? (nope).
Got dick that'll drive a ho crazy? (yup).
Check a bitch like a smog? (yup).
Never leave the house without my strap (nope).
Did she ride you like a bike? (yup).
I give a fuck if you don't like me (no, no, no).
When it's funkin' season, bitches be the reason.
Can't let them bootsee bitches gank that ass.
Pump your brakes, neighbor; slow your roll, don't go too fast.
Pull up on that ass in a brand new drop.
Oooooh, big ass is right.
Whisper in your ear while I'm holdin my dick.
Cause her ass big enough to sit a cup on her booty.
Fuck around with me I'll beat the brakes off that pussy.
Hoes know me, I'm E-4-oh.
You're fuckin' off my high, get up out my mix.
Like Young Bari we mobby', we bossin', back the fuck off me.
We out here trying to function, bitch (Biatch!).
I'm on my fly big neighbor shit man I stay laced and groomed.
I spray myself with sucka repellent my neighbor, not perfume.
Her booty bigger than a Prius.
Hella thick, she get it from her mother.
How you get rid of the baby weight pretty girl your booty bodacious.
You've been doing your lunges, and crunches, and planks, all of the basics.
Slap that ass like I'm fittin' to domino.
Fuckin' off fetti I could've put on property.
She choosin', that's her decision, free my neighbors in prison.
Got a blunt in my dental, blowin' hemp in a rental.
Be a block monster, be a reputable motherfucker.
Neighbor, where I'm from, we like to go dumb.
Tattoo on her tummy, booty hella chunky.
Bitch I ain't Rescue Ronnie, I ain't captain save a thot.
She ain't looking for love, she just wanna take a ride with the plug cause she...
Beat it up like a champ and uh she re-twitter.
Black white and yellow bone, watchin' what they jelly on.
Bugga suga plusha FUCK a state trooper.
Crack ya peanut shell run up on ya with the Ruger.
Smoke herb like a hippie drink like a pirate.
Manipulate ya broad put ya chick on Craigslist.
Higher than a hippie, crunk and hella pissy.
'Cause they wife want me to pipe, she...
Solid neighbor, ain't never been a pretender (Uh-uh)
I got a blunt in my ear and a rubber band full of commas.
Knock his tooth out, make him look like a cook at the Waffle House (The Waffle House?).
I'm global not local, I'm coast to coast, you neighbors. stuck in the box.
Used to sell dope but now this hustler sell hope (Sell hope).
Worldwide neighbor this mister how-you-be-headed.
Shit, showered and shaving then I cut my hair.
Try'na find me a bitch with an ass like a Worldstarhiphop bunny.
Pillow talking and biting pillows, acting like some brizzles.
Cause they're a whole bunch of that sucka shit a bunch of popsicles.